[Applause]
he believes that nothing mankin to
anything we could do this in one month
we could be on her waist glory and
Richard none of us of a dream dog
you've led Jost I think he's been worse
he again worse
I won't spend the rest of my life at
nothing to be of noble birth to compete
so we live right on my ladies I am pry
the privileged name pleasure introducing
to you a nice fire by night William
Thatcher didn't make the rules he was
born I waited my whole life for this
moment to break them yeah I was
different
borac von Lichtenstein from Gelderland I
would have
[Music]
on a horse that man is unbeatable city
boy with all hello the noble find out
will you are will be the devil to pay
and pray that they don't knock on victim
stars not who he appeared to be the girl
erect a dozen oil God I love you there's
nothing else to do run and I will run to
you I will not run I'm a knight
your name makes no matter to me it's so
long as I can call you my own
[Applause]